hey guys 10 seconds before youths are
today I made this video to help you so
please help me if it helps you it only
takes a second or two it's a great help
if you subscribe like and or leave a
comment down below that's it let's get
started
hey guys it's drawing on now to wanted
today I'll be showing you how to check
your automatic transmission fluid in
your Honda Accord well let's get to it
the automatic transmission fluid
dipstick is really buried in there so
the first thing I like to do is go ahead
and move this cool how's that your way
and should be able to see right yeah hey
all right guys now before we actually
attempt to uh pull the transmission
stick there what you're gonna want to do
is go ahead and start your car and get
it to operating temperature run for five
to 10 minutes or take it or in a short
drive around your block um and then
you'll turn the car off and so you wanna
check it when the car is at operating
temperature and in the off position
alright guys so once you've got your car
up to operating temperature go ahead now
reach down in there pull your dipstick
out I'm good and clean it off and then
to get you accurate reading you're gonna
go ahead and stick it back in there and
I'll stick it back in there and then
push it down
um so goes all the way down and then ohm
and you feel like stuck in there and
then you pull it back out and we'll go
ahead and take a look at it from there
alright guys so um once you get out like
so um what you want to do is make sure
that your flute is at least to this line
right here and ah if it's halfway or
below that means you need to add some
another other way if you can't really
tell on this side you can flip it over
and um it'll tell you pretty clearly
you'll be able to see where the fluid
has come to a stop and then you can just
flip it over and I don't say exactly
where it's at on this side and um I
believe this little space here is
supposed to indicate a supposed to
indicate a quart of automatic
transmission fluid so just make sure it
comes at least all the way to here and
um that's pretty much all there is to
check in your automatic transmission
flute well thank you guys and I'll see
you next time on Honda hats you one